(#673) Add third party notice to environment documentation (#674)
chocolatey/docs: input/shared/third-party-notice.txt

- Jenkins (`jenkins`)
- Microsoft SQL Server Express (`sql-server-express`)
- Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio (`sql-server-management-studio`)
- .Net Runtime (`dotnet-6.0-runtime`)
- .Net ASP Net Core Runtime (`dotnet-6.0-aspnetruntime`)
- .Net ASP Net Core Module for IIS (`dotnet-6.0-aspnetcoremodule-v2`)

### Responsibility

This solution has been provided as a quick way to get up and running with Chocolatey For Business. It is not a SaaS solution. It is the responsibility
of you, the customer, to ensure the versions of software included as part of the solution is kept updated according to your needs.

For Chocolatey For Business products, you can subscribe to an Announcements mailing list which will email you when we release a new version of any of the
products that Chocolatey Software maintains. These packages include:

- Chocolatey CLI (`chocolatey`)
- Chocolatey Licensed Extension (`chocolatey.extension`)
- Chocolatey Agent (`chocolatey-agent`)
- Chocolatey GUI (`chocolateygui`)
- Chocolatey GUI Licensed Extension (`chocolateygui.extension`)
- Chocolatey Central Management (`chocolatey-management-database`,`chocolatey-management-service`,`chocolatey-management-web`)

> If you would like to be subscribed to this mailing list, you can do so by visiting https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/chocolatey-announce and providing the email address you would like to use to receive annoucements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please subscribe to the [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/chocolatey-announce) if you would like to receive those annoucements.
```

Reviewer: Bare links look terrible 😢

Author: Fixed!

## Third Party Software Notice

This solution relies on software delivered as a Chocolatey package from the Chocolatey Community Repository. These packages
have been internalized and made available within the repository included with the solution.

> This software includes, but is not limited too:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This software includes, but is not limited to:
```

- Sonatype Nexus (`nexus-repository`)
- Jenkins (`jenkins`)
- Microsoft SQL Server Express (`sql-server-express`)
- Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio (`sql-server-management-studio`)

> - Dotnet Runtime (`dotnet-6.0-runtime`)
> - Dotnet ASP Net Core Runtime (`dotnet-6.0-aspnetruntime`)
> - Dotnet ASP Net Core Module for IIS (`dotnet-6.0-aspnetcoremodule-v2`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- .NET Runtime (`dotnet-6.0-runtime`)
- .NET ASP Net Core Runtime (`dotnet-6.0-aspnetruntime`)
- .NET ASP Net Core Module for IIS (`dotnet-6.0-aspnetcoremodule-v2`)
```

### Responsibility

> This solution has been provided as a quick way to get up and running with Chocolatey, it is not a SaaS solution. It is the responsibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This solution has been provided as a quick way to get up and running with Chocolatey For Business. It is not a SaaS solution. It is the responsibility
```

> of you, the customer, to ensure the versions of software included as part of the Solution are kept updated per your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of you, the customer, to ensure the software included as part of the solution is updated according to your needs.
```
